hello P chief and how is the most
creative family in the world doing today
it's 2018 are you fulfilling your goals
I've ran actually one more time since
the last time so making moves over here
today we're gonna have a chat because
you know I've been enjoying the movement
and on the fun in the videos lately but
sometimes I just want to sit down and
talk to you guys have a little have a
little chat we have someone coming by
the office today I'm very excited about
last video I did a little bit of an
office update but I got something today
that's huge I've been waiting for it
I'll refrigerate her or not it's chaired
for the hint our supply is getting low
low we might have to do some reorders
you do a little bit of a unboxing
there's nothing fragile we have a guitar
stand because I actually want to hang up
my guitar so the TV didn't work up here
because this is brick I hope I can hang
this up there actually the idea is that
this is my side and then this is John's
side so I feel like it would it would be
cool if I had a guitar right here and
maybe a skateboard hanging right there
how do you guys feel about that that'd
be pretty cool
we got a switch so I can bring the power
of the Internet from over here to over
here yeah
[Music]
so a little NASA update from the last
video it took two nights and then two
days of actually being in office and
switching out the drives to back up
around seven to ten terabytes of footage
so now I'm gonna have all of these
separate hard drives at my apartment if
I need to get old footage but here in
the office it's gonna be super easy to
access every single piece of footage
I've ever shot I explained it in my last
video if you want to watch it I'm
getting organized guys I'm getting my
life together
[Music]
honestly bigger than I expected all the
space so much hint water is going to go
in here a lot up ssin guess what I just
got I just got afraid this so I've
talked recently about starting up enough
special podcast and I got some gear
recently for the last video we unboxed
it but Christ refer about you oh my oh
my oh my gosh Craig has been podcasting
it up I think he use the road mix yes
these are the ones that I'm gonna be
using honestly I just saw that all be
like important podcasters we're using me
so I was like must cuff links in
description below luckily I had this
print from the days of me recording with
my band Sarah what's a preamp basically
it takes a signal of your mic and a
pumps it up so you get a good crisp
signal from your mic on so I also do get
these preamps they're kind of the go-to
when it comes to these mics so we'll get
there
so with Craig here I was like what a
better time to kind of test this out I'm
gonna pop my keys and yeah that's the
thing with these mics hopefully it says
that it's like a buildin pop filters mic
everyone
[Music]
it is the podcast of Craig brought to
you by Craig see how's it going Craig
it's pretty good the rule is simple you
laugh you lose so what's up guys
testing out the new Manx testing out
podcast equipment so this is basically
just a little test drive to whet your
appetite and to also just kick me into
gear um if you have no contacts on texts
context I did something called the daily
peach which was like a 20 minute
podcasting thing every single day but
Craig you have been experimenting with
podcasting yeah imma think I'm on my
third podcast right now I did one for
wedding people I did one ripping off Tim
Ferriss and now I'm doing a new one
ripping off Tim Ferriss again so Craig
Adams show Craig and people some of the
people that've alia the director of the
minimalism Netflix documentary was
pretty cool and just you know all the
New York City people and then also
Richie from Australia and yes I want to
get more women on the podcast because I
realized it's just India and a bunch of
dudes you could have people shouted you
out on Twitter so I think we gotta go we
gotta make it happen so we're not just
gonna talk about podcasting we actually
want to talk about a certain tweet that
threw me off when I saw it but then I
saw you retweet it was something that I
was thinking but I didn't say it so this
girl is named at Taylor Lauren's on
Twitter her bio says I write about
social media influencers YouTube teens
in Jake Paul it amazes me how many
youtubers think they should be paid for
doing interviews with news outlets
I'd say about 40% of the time I reach
out to influencers they ask about
compensation
like are you crazy she had our Ukraine
honestly it wouldn't have been that bad
if it wasn't for the like you are crazy
so what did you reach me I said like
most things this isn't black or white
yes or no value isn't always just
monetary promotion or a shout-out could
be worth more than a short term cash you
have to be able to determine the value
of any interaction and if it's worth
your time or money what do you think is
the biggest difference between
mainstream celebrities you have big PR
agencies representing them they have a
big movie coming out they go to people
calm they do an interview I mean what's
the difference between that world and
YouTube worlds as I've done more and
more YouTube and social media stuff I've
started to see how simple it is for
old-school traditional media like it is
kind of a collab when they just have
this actor come on Jimmy Fallon to talk
about a movie that the company that owns
the Tonight Show or whatever it all
makes sense to me like of course they
would promote within but it is very
old-school they have rules and you don't
break them but social media is new it's
crazy
kind of break rules a little bit we do
whatever works the whole thing about her
tweet I think is just making something
that's very a black-and-white statement
for something that is a huge rare and it
really is all about value if I have a
huge project coming out that I want to
promote in it I want it to hit
mainstream outlets okay so that's an
equal exchange they have the association
with a big name on YouTube I'm not
saying it's me if I was like a 1 million
subscriber if I was literally saying I
had a new movie a documentary coming out
me going on people.com advertising that
documentary or movie or whatever and
then getting her name in the headline of
the YouTube video that's mutually
beneficial but when people are I don't
know how traditional media works if they
can just get free they're acting like
they can get free statements from like
Leonardo DiCaprio like on a whim yeah
just to break down her tweet it amazes
me how many youtubers think they should
be paid if you change that with the word
actors like there are so many different
types of actors and we're talking about
like
to all the way as easy as e-list i thing
like the worst actor in the world yeah
obviously there would be some actors who
shouldn't be compensated if they were to
do an interview just because we don't
know who they are but it's just so crazy
because she's using the word youtuber is
is like this derogatory no youtuber
deserves to be paid to do news outlet
story it's the same thing again and
again discrediting youtubers as
legitimate entertainers and creators the
the follow up reply to that tweet from
her was like wow and apparently every
on Twitter agrees this society is
doomed my hot take my tea is that she
generalized she's in the business of
sensational media as most people
honestly sadly who are posting things
today you have to have an outlandish
opinion and if you have a polarizing
response or audience 50/50 you know that
just generates more buzz exactly what
well I get a lot of questions that are
like Craig should I do work for free
yeah that's the Contras yes 100 things
so you just have to have the word of the
year for me is filter you have to take
information projects and be able to say
no if it's bad some of my best projects
my most lucrative projects have come
from relationships like just being
friends with this person and they got me
this project and I would say almost all
of those relationships came from
non-business standpoint there was like
no money incentive for them to help me
or for me to help them it was just us
doing work for free and helping each
other so I think that speaks a lot to
the fact that you should be open to
doing work for free you just have to
understand what's good and bad yeah and
the moral of story is understanding your
value so it almost sounds like we're
coming back to like saying she's right
Vau not necessarily it's just like you
have to know your value you know don't
do people calm interviews for free if
you're Jake Paul unless you have a movie
to promote
also why did she say 40% that's such an
arbitrary number just say 50% that's the
thing that ticks me off the most
I'm I can't done he's done well thank
you a Craig for being on the whatever
this is blocked blocked blocked
okay test number one success so my my
office is directly above Sam so it's
right there and usually ones like 5:00
p.m. hits I I can't even hear my
thoughts because
[Music]
guys we did it how does this sound it's
almost midnight I'm still at the office
because during the holidays you know I
went back with my family during
Christmas and I hung out with John's
family right after that and I actually
took that time to completely kind of
turn off and it was amazing it was so
much fun but it was literally two weeks
of not really doing anything when you
have two weeks of doing nothing it adds
up especially in the new year you know
thinking of new things that I want to do
and it requires some thinking outside of
what I'm doing currently and so it's
just hard to kind of focus on other
things so that's why last week I only
posted one video just because I'm trying
to straighten everything out and I'm
actually about to go to CES which is
crazy it's gonna be my first CES and I
did I never told you guys how I got the
mic actually sounding the way I wanted
to so in the beginning I completely
ignored the preamps that I got with this
it's called the cloud lifter and I got a
decent level from the mic but it wasn't
clean at all I mean this is what it
sounded like with the hiss so this is
basically just a little test drive i
what I didn't know and it was probably
in the instructions I just I don't like
instructions is you have to actually use
phantom power to power the preamp so my
audio interface has phantom power I
powered it on and now where God took gah
oh yeah this video is definitely
different than normal there's not as
much movement it's very chill and sit
down which isn't the best formula for
YouTube videos and honestly the best
formula for me because I exciting stuff
to edit but yeah sometimes it's good to
just like wind down and talk to you guys
how
are you how was your soul I do a lot of
meta stuff I show the process but I try
to avoid talking about YouTube as much
as possible but someday you know I feel
like it's nice to have an honest
conversation about YouTube art
entertainment occasionally and I read
the comments I'd comments of videos and
peachy Pham JA Rapp are the best I love
my audience I love you guys but
sometimes when a video gets served you
know outside my audience or it's a
collaboration so it's a video in another
person's channel you just feel the
internet and sometimes being chick on
the internet isn't the coolest with like
rape threats and stuff the comments
recently that probably hit me the
hardest are the ones that it's like I
know I know you're coming out cuz I feel
it too the comments like oh wow thank
god this isn't another iPhone 10 video
or something like that and it's funny
because out of my let's see most recent
17 videos there were three with the
title um
you know iPhone 10 if you're ever like
I'm not really feeling this video
specifically Sarah just go out of my
channel I I do a wide variety it's just
my youtube channel is a reflection of my
interest and I've tried to bring more
focus to it over the past six months and
I think I've done a good job of it of
just kind of refocusing into tech and
creativity and then bringing my life
into that and then sometimes I sprinkle
in just stories about my own life you
know sometimes you guys get tired of the
tech stuff and last week I was actually
super stoked to post some videos of
going back to Texas and I was able to
retrieve the only electric guitar that I
still own and I played for you guys
hopefully you enjoyed that video and
then it's still it's still crazy that I
get the opportunity to like go and
interview people exactly ofen a kiss
that was in another video and then along
the same lines as those comments is I'll
have a few trickle in from like the og
peachy fam Sam where's creative spaces
TV I hope creative space the TV comes
back along a like Oh
six months ago actually made a video and
said creative spaces TV was oh is over
that that reason is creative space TV is
a docu-series that I did that was
basically MTV Cribs but with substance
so I tore at an artist area and you got
to know really their process behind what
they do even though creative spaces TV
is done and that was a part of me
establishing my credibility as a
filmmaker and a person who can tell
stories I really encourage you to go
watch a few episodes I'll link them in
the description below if you haven't
seen them yet I think it gave me
credibility during the time that I was
at and I needed that and then you know
I've just been progressing on YouTube
and I'm I'm I'm really enjoying what I'm
doing whether it's just a tech review or
if maybe it's telling you like my top 10
iPhone apps or something like I love
making the videos I'm making right now
but I do feel that extra tug or even
that responsibility of making more
sophisticated content like what creative
spaces TV was I actually do have a
series that is similar to creative
spaces TV that I'm actively pursuing
right now it's called that creative life
so they're getting there as creative
spaces TV in that creative life creative
spaces TV took so much time and energy
and it was really telling the story of
another person and it was just shooting
so much footage and then telling the
story in like a 15 minute at it after
the fact and then that creative life
used to be just me sitting down and
interviewing people honestly kind of
like a podcast when I decided to not
carry on with creative space TV and it
had its time and I'm stoked on him but
I'm not gonna do him anymore I decided
to kind of combine the two so now that
creative life is kind of a saying that
I'm obsessed with and I want to put on
t-shirts and I want you guys to live
that creative life like living your best
life that creative life allows me to
just explore different topics and people
and I'm actually shooting a new episode
but it's an episode that's spanning over
a month to shoot so in a way it's
probably turning out
as much time or maybe even more as a
creative spaces TV episode but I'm not
held to that episodic flow of like one
season being this many episodes I kind
of just like like the flexibility with
that creative life yeah I've just been
rambling on and I realize that Cheers
if you made it to this long in the video
sometimes we just need to have a chat
right it's I need you go bet why am I
still talking to you did you guys just
got lemon alone I'm tired but I like
this I like days and I like work all day
and then you just hit the Ben you're
just done you're just completely done
because you know you gave it your all so
guys let's drive for those types of days
at least every weekday of 2018 sometimes
you need a break you know I'm gonna
start embracing the weekend a little bit
more thanks for chatting with me today
and hanging out and probably this 20
minute video do you think I could hey
John you ain't here
anyways things are getting weird guys
remember to stay peachy I'm so pumped to
be just crushing with you guys okay bye
hold on I
[Music]